README.md, before:

# internship_rijk

Internship of Rijk at the Rijksuniversiteit (no pun intended) Groningen.

 * Goal: show how working at the university is 
   like, so Rijk can better decide on his future career

 * How: tell him about and show him your work in one of the time slots.
   Topics: your scientific work, your favorite programming language(s),
   writing computer simulations, doing data analysis, plotting results,
   working on your favorite computer cluster, hardware acceleration,
   software development, on-line collaboration, continuous integration
   and all other things on our beloved zeroes and ones 

 * Who is Rijk: he is an (approximately) 16 year old scholar, 
   interested in working with computers,
   and a member of the programming team called 
   [Team Octane](https://github.com/richelbilderbeek/djog_unos_2018)

 * Deliverable: Rijk will write a report what we do with computers, as well
   as a summary of what each person is working on

## Thursday January 17th 2019

Time|What|Where
---|---|---
9:00|Briefing Richel|Room 5172.579
9:30-11:00|Meeting 1: Raphael Scherrer|Room 5172.0547
11:00-12:30|Meeting 2: Theo Pannetier|Room 5172.0547
12:30-13:00|Lunch|Big table at 5th floor
13:00-14:30|Meeting 3: Pratik Gupte|Room 5172.0585
14:30-16:00|Meeting 4: Hanno Hildenbrand (e.g. hardware acceleration)|Room 5172.0555a
16:00-17:00|Evaluation with Richel, write report|Room 5172.579

## Friday January 18th 2019

Time|What|Where
---|---|---
9:30-11:00|Meeting 5: Pedro Neves|Room 5172.0547
11:00-12:30|Meeting 6: Franjo Weissing|Room 5172.0578
12:30-13:00|Lunch|Big table at 5th floor
13:00-14:30|Meeting 7: Nicoleta Tataru|Room 5172.0547
14:30-16:00|Meeting 8: Anna Wolters|Room 5172.0580
16:00-17:00|Evaluation with Richel, write report|Room 5172.579

Commit message:

At Linnaeusborg at Zernike campus

README.md, after:

# internship_rijk

Internship of Rijk at the Rijksuniversiteit (no pun intended) Groningen.

 * Goal: show how working at the university is 
   like, so Rijk can better decide on his future career

 * How: tell him about and show him your work in one of the time slots.
   Topics: your scientific work, your favorite programming language(s),
   writing computer simulations, doing data analysis, plotting results,
   working on your favorite computer cluster, hardware acceleration,
   software development, on-line collaboration, continuous integration
   and all other things on our beloved zeroes and ones 

 * Who is Rijk: he is an (approximately) 16 year old scholar, 
   interested in working with computers,
   and a member of the programming team called 
   [Team Octane](https://github.com/richelbilderbeek/djog_unos_2018)

 * Deliverable: Rijk will write a report what we do with computers, as well
   as a summary of what each person is working on

## Thursday January 17th 2019

Time|What|Where
---|---|---
9:00|Briefing Richel|Room 5172.579, a room in the Linnaeusborg at the Zernike campus
9:30-11:00|Meeting 1: Raphael Scherrer|Room 5172.0547
11:00-12:30|Meeting 2: Theo Pannetier|Room 5172.0547
12:30-13:00|Lunch|Big table at 5th floor
13:00-14:30|Meeting 3: Pratik Gupte|Room 5172.0585
14:30-16:00|Meeting 4: Hanno Hildenbrand (e.g. hardware acceleration)|Room 5172.0555a
16:00-17:00|Evaluation with Richel, write report|Room 5172.579

## Friday January 18th 2019

Time|What|Where
---|---|---
9:30-11:00|Meeting 5: Pedro Neves|Room 5172.0547
11:00-12:30|Meeting 6: Franjo Weissing|Room 5172.0578
12:30-13:00|Lunch|Big table at 5th floor
13:00-14:30|Meeting 7: Nicoleta Tataru|Room 5172.0547
14:30-16:00|Meeting 8: Anna Wolters|Room 5172.0580
16:00-17:00|Evaluation with Richel, write report|Room 5172.579
